Title: MBX Biosciences Announces Appointment of Mark Soued as Chief Commercial Officer and Inducement Grant
Date: 2026-05-07 11:00
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/sectors/healthcare/articles/mbx-biosciences-announces-appointment-mark-110000274.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Trump’s latest tariff defeat could give businesses a 2-month reprieve before new duties are imposed
Trade court strikes down Trump's 10% blanket tariffs
The Dow slipped, while the S&P 500 and Nasdaq retreated from record highs as the AI trade took a breather
US stocks tick up in wait for Iran-US deal update, as earnings roll in
The hottest neighborhoods in the country are almost all in the Midwest or Florida. Here's why.
A top Iranian official is in China. It's setting the tone for Trump’s meeting with Xi next week.
The Dow jumped 600 points while the S&P 500 and Nasdaq hit records amid a tech-driven rally
The Nasdaq gained 1.4% as strong tech earnings fueled the AI trade
'Sell in May' has been a bad strategy this century
Stocks rose at the open amid rising hopes for an Iran peace deal, upbeat tech earnings
Anthropic's CEO says a big shift is coming for software companies — and some will 'completely go bust'
AMD stock leaps on earnings beat, better-than-expected outlook
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq notched fresh records as tech stocks rose and oil fell
US stocks rise at the open as oil retreats, wave of solid earnings rolls in
Spirit Airlines is gone. Here are the low-cost airlines filling the gap.
Court documents show Musk warned OpenAI execs they would become 'the most hated men in America' days before the trial began
Palantir beats earnings expectations, with revenue rising 85% on booming US business
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq drop, oil surges as Middle East attacks escalate
GameStop’s CEO dodged questions on funding the deal, leaving investors uneasy
Dow sags while S&P 500, Nasdaq waver as Hormuz tensions rise
Why trade deficits under Trump are so difficult to understand (and so easy to spin)
Buying record highs looks riskier in the Nasdaq and Russell 2000 than in the broader market
Would a gas tax holiday lower prices? What drivers should know.
Wall Street sees more market gains as strong earnings fuel the AI trade
The April jobs report and more major first quarter results await investors this week.
April added roughly $1.2 trillion to Alphabet’s market value, or just over 50 times Google’s IPO valuation.
Toto Wolff on Mercedes F1's dominant start, the 'outstanding' Kimi Antonelli, and why vulnerability is a leader's 'superpower'
The average cost of college in 2026 (and how to pay for it)
Network shakeups hit Medicare Advantage, forcing retirees to pay up or find new care
Jerome Powell's Fed years were an everything rally
The Iran War almost upended spring homebuying, but so far the market is showing 'surprising resilience'
Berkshire Hathaway's profits double as shareholders gather for the annual meeting in Omaha (Associated Press)
Bankrupt carrier Spirit Airlines ceased operations Saturday, the industry's first closure linked to the Iran war.
If Spirit Airlines shuts down, travel chaos could ramp up. Here's how to protect your summer travel plans.
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq jumped to record highs as the AI trade fueled a tech rally
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq advanced after hitting record highs as earnings rolled in
Apple's earnings beat is part of an amazing trend
AI developers are snapping up Mac minis, sparking a shortage that could drag on for months
Apple beats earnings estimates on strong iPhone and China sales
Dow jumps 750 points, S&P 500 and Nasdaq notch record highs to end the best month for stocks since 2020
The AI earnings bonanza is splitting investors
Trump bets Hormuz blockade will break Iran before triggering a global crisis
US stocks climb as economic updates, solid earnings roll in and Big Techs buoy AI hopes
Nvidia has powered one third of the Mag 7's bull market gains
Results from four Big Tech companies showed combined AI spending reaching an eye-popping $725 billion this year.
Microsoft tops earnings estimates, says AI business up 123% year over year
Meta stock falls despite earnings beat as AI spending plans spook investors
Alphabet earnings top estimates on strong Google Cloud growth
The Dow and S&P 500 slipped as oil surged, with Big Tech earnings on deck
Powell will stay on as governor, says he has no choice amid legal attacks on Fed
The above button links to Coinbase. Yahoo Finance is not a broker-dealer or investment adviser and does not offer securities or cryptocurrencies for sale or facilitate trading. Coinbase pays us for certain activity generated through this link. Prices displayed are informational.
CARMEL, Ind. and BURLINGTON, Mass., May 07, 2026 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- MBX Biosciences, Inc. (Nasdaq: MBX), a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on the discovery, development and commercialization of novel precision peptide therapies for the treatment of endocrine and metabolic disorders, today announced the appointment of Mark R. Soued, MBA, as Chief Commercial Officer (CCO). Mr. Soued brings more than two decades of commercial leadership across global biopharmaceutical organizations, with deep expertise in product launches, market access, and building high-performing commercial teams.

"Mark is an exceptional commercial leader with a demonstrated ability to build and scale commercial organizations and bring products to market," said Kent Hawryluk, President and Chief Executive Officer of MBX Biosciences. "His track record of delivering landmark product launches and generating significant revenue growth at organizations like Alnylam and Pfizer makes him uniquely positioned to lead MBX’s commercialization efforts as we continue to advance our pipeline of clinically validated, proprietary Precision Endocrine Peptides™."
"I am excited to join MBX Biosciences at such a pivotal moment in the company's development," said Mr. Soued. "The team has built a differentiated pipeline and world-class team with the potential to meaningfully address unmet needs in endocrine and metabolic diseases. I look forward to helping shape and execute a commercial strategy that brings these therapies to the patients who need them most."
Mark Soued is a seasoned commercial biopharma executive with extensive experience building and growing global commercial organizations overseeing multiple product launches, sales and marketing, market access, and lifecycle management. Most recently, Mr. Soued served as Senior Vice President, Head of US at Alnylam Pharmaceuticals, where he led the Company’s US amyloidosis business, including the category-defining launch of AMVUTTRA® in ATTR cardiomyopathy. Prior to that, he served as Senior Vice President, Head of Global Commercial at Alnylam, where he built a global commercial organization spanning six functions and four inline products. Earlier in his career, Mr. Soued held a series of senior commercial leader roles at Pfizer, including Regional President for North America's Hospital Business Unit, Vice President and Global Rare Cardiology Franchise Head, and multiple international leadership positions across Asia Pacific and Northwestern Europe. He led the successful US launch of VYNDAQEL®/VYNDAMAX® and negotiated a multi-billion US government contract for PAXLOVID®, among other milestones. Mr. Soued holds an MBA from Northwestern University's Kellogg School of Management and a B.S. in Finance from the University of Colorado. He is fluent in English and French.
Inducement GrantIn connection with the appointment of Mr. Soued as Chief Commercial Officer, on May 1, 2026, MBX granted Mr. Soued an inducement equity award, which was approved by the Company’s board of directors in accordance with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5635(c)(4). The inducement award consisted of non-qualified stock options to purchase an aggregate of 160,000 shares of the company’s common stock with an exercise price of $29.78 per share, which is equal to the closing price of the company’s common stock as reported by Nasdaq on May 1, 2026. The option has a 10-year term and will vest over four years, with 25% of the underlying shares vesting on the one-year anniversary of April 29, 2026, and the remainder vesting in 36 equal monthly installments for the three years thereafter, subject to Mr. Soued’s continued service. The award is subject to the terms and conditions of the company’s 2026 Inducement Plan and the terms and conditions of the stock option agreement covering the grant.
About MBX BiosciencesMBX Biosciences is a biopharmaceutical company focused on the discovery, development and commercialization of novel precision peptide therapies based on its proprietary PEP™ platform, for the treatment of endocrine and metabolic disorders. The Company is advancing a pipeline of novel candidates for endocrine and metabolic disorders with clinically validated targets, established endpoints for regulatory approval, significant unmet medical needs and large potential market opportunities. The Company’s pipeline includes canvuparatide (MBX 2109) for the treatment of chronic hypoparathyroidism (HP) preparing for Phase 3 development; an obesity portfolio that includes MBX 4291 in Phase 1 development, as well as multiple discovery and pre-clinical obesity candidates; and imapextide (MBX 1416) for the treatment of post-bariatric hypoglycemia (PBH) in Phase 2 development. The Company is based in Carmel, Indiana. To learn more, please visit the Company website at www.mbxbio.com and follow it on LinkedIn.
Forward-Looking StatementsThis press release contains “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, each as amended. The words “anticipate,” “believe,” “continue,” “could,” “estimate,” “expect,” “intend,” “may,” “plan,” “potential,” “predict,” “project,” “should,” “target,” “would” and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements, although not all forward-looking statements contain these identifying words. These forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, express or implied statements regarding: MBX Biosciences’ expectations regarding Mr. Soued’s ability to help advance commercialization, MBX Biosciences’ expectations regarding the further advancement of its pipeline of programs in endocrine and metabolic disorders; and MBX Biosciences’ plans for delivery of differentiated endocrine and metabolic compounds to underserved patients.
Forward-looking statements are based on management’s current expectations and are subject to risks and uncertainties that could negatively affect MBX Biosciences’ business, operating results, financial condition and stock value. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those currently anticipated include: risks relating to the Company’s research and development activities; uncertainties relating to preclinical and clinical development activities; uncertainties relating to preclinical and clinical development activities; the risk that preliminary results may not be indicative of later results; MBX Biosciences’ ability to attract, integrate and retain key personnel; as well as other risks described in “Risk Factors,” in MBX Biosciences’ Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), as well as subsequent filings with the SEC. MBX Biosciences expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release publicly any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements contained herein to reflect any change in its expectations or any changes in events, conditions or circumstances on which any such statement is based, except as required by law, and claims the protection of the safe harbor for forward-looking statements contained in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.
MBX uses and intends to continue to use its Investor Relations website as a means of disclosing material nonpublic information and for complying with its disclosure obligations under Regulation FD. Accordingly, investors should monitor the Company's Investor Relations website, in addition to following the Company's press releases, SEC filings, public conference calls, presentations, and webcasts.
Media Contact:George SheaWe. Communicationsgshea@wecommunications.com
Investor Contact:Jim DeNikeMBX Biosciencesjdenike@mbxbio.com
A photo accompanying this announcement is available at https://www.globenewswire.com/NewsRoom/AttachmentNg/b8b07cf9-9fda-4eb3-8581-f664b7c317b1

Weʼre unable to load stories right now.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio