Title: After a big win in the burger showdown, Burger King eyes taking on McDonald's Egg McMuffin
Date: 2026-05-07 17:03
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/article/after-a-big-win-in-the-burger-showdown-burger-king-eyes-taking-on-mcdonalds-egg-mcmuffin-170313988.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Trump’s latest tariff defeat could give businesses a 2-month reprieve before new duties are imposed
Trade court strikes down Trump's 10% blanket tariffs
The Dow slipped, while the S&P 500 and Nasdaq retreated from record highs as the AI trade took a breather
US stocks tick up in wait for Iran-US deal update, as earnings roll in
The hottest neighborhoods in the country are almost all in the Midwest or Florida. Here's why.
A top Iranian official is in China. It's setting the tone for Trump’s meeting with Xi next week.
The Dow jumped 600 points while the S&P 500 and Nasdaq hit records amid a tech-driven rally
The Nasdaq gained 1.4% as strong tech earnings fueled the AI trade
'Sell in May' has been a bad strategy this century
Stocks rose at the open amid rising hopes for an Iran peace deal, upbeat tech earnings
Anthropic's CEO says a big shift is coming for software companies — and some will 'completely go bust'
AMD stock leaps on earnings beat, better-than-expected outlook
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq notched fresh records as tech stocks rose and oil fell
US stocks rise at the open as oil retreats, wave of solid earnings rolls in
Spirit Airlines is gone. Here are the low-cost airlines filling the gap.
Court documents show Musk warned OpenAI execs they would become 'the most hated men in America' days before the trial began
Palantir beats earnings expectations, with revenue rising 85% on booming US business
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq drop, oil surges as Middle East attacks escalate
GameStop’s CEO dodged questions on funding the deal, leaving investors uneasy
Dow sags while S&P 500, Nasdaq waver as Hormuz tensions rise
Why trade deficits under Trump are so difficult to understand (and so easy to spin)
Buying record highs looks riskier in the Nasdaq and Russell 2000 than in the broader market
Would a gas tax holiday lower prices? What drivers should know.
Wall Street sees more market gains as strong earnings fuel the AI trade
The April jobs report and more major first quarter results await investors this week.
April added roughly $1.2 trillion to Alphabet’s market value, or just over 50 times Google’s IPO valuation.
Toto Wolff on Mercedes F1's dominant start, the 'outstanding' Kimi Antonelli, and why vulnerability is a leader's 'superpower'
The average cost of college in 2026 (and how to pay for it)
Network shakeups hit Medicare Advantage, forcing retirees to pay up or find new care
Jerome Powell's Fed years were an everything rally
The Iran War almost upended spring homebuying, but so far the market is showing 'surprising resilience'
Berkshire Hathaway's profits double as shareholders gather for the annual meeting in Omaha (Associated Press)
Bankrupt carrier Spirit Airlines ceased operations Saturday, the industry's first closure linked to the Iran war.
If Spirit Airlines shuts down, travel chaos could ramp up. Here's how to protect your summer travel plans.
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq jumped to record highs as the AI trade fueled a tech rally
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq advanced after hitting record highs as earnings rolled in
Apple's earnings beat is part of an amazing trend
AI developers are snapping up Mac minis, sparking a shortage that could drag on for months
Apple beats earnings estimates on strong iPhone and China sales
Dow jumps 750 points, S&P 500 and Nasdaq notch record highs to end the best month for stocks since 2020
The AI earnings bonanza is splitting investors
Trump bets Hormuz blockade will break Iran before triggering a global crisis
US stocks climb as economic updates, solid earnings roll in and Big Techs buoy AI hopes
Nvidia has powered one third of the Mag 7's bull market gains
Results from four Big Tech companies showed combined AI spending reaching an eye-popping $725 billion this year.
Microsoft tops earnings estimates, says AI business up 123% year over year
Meta stock falls despite earnings beat as AI spending plans spook investors
Alphabet earnings top estimates on strong Google Cloud growth
The Dow and S&P 500 slipped as oil surged, with Big Tech earnings on deck
Powell will stay on as governor, says he has no choice amid legal attacks on Fed
The above button links to Coinbase. Yahoo Finance is not a broker-dealer or investment adviser and does not offer securities or cryptocurrencies for sale or facilitate trading. Coinbase pays us for certain activity generated through this link. Prices displayed are informational.
First quarter burger showdown winner Burger King (QSR) is aiming next at archrival McDonald’s (MCD).
This time, it’s getting behind Croissan’wich breakfast sandwiches, which have long competed with McDonald’s Egg McMuffin.
“Our breakfast business has been consistent, but I think much like the Whopper, it deserves elevation. And so the team is working on breakfast,” Burger King US and Canada president Tom Curtis said on Yahoo Finance’s Opening Bid (video above).
How did Burger King outperform McDonald's in Q1?
What changes are coming to Burger King's breakfast?
How big is the fast food breakfast industry?
What is Burger King's breakfast market position currently?
Curtis declined to say what was coming specifically, but hinted that eaters will find out soon.
“You will find an elevated experience and an elevated croissant in your future,” Curtis added.
Burger King and its longtime breakfast sandwiches rank a distant fifth in the breakfast category. The chain is behind McDonald’s (1), Starbucks (SBUX) (2), Wendy’s (WEN) (3), and Dunkin’ (4). But the breakfast business is so lucrative, even taking a small bite out of McDonald’s and others could be a difference maker.
The fast food breakfast industry has grown into a massive economic engine, currently valued at approximately $42 billion in annual sales in the US alone. As of early 2026, breakfast has become the most important growth driver for quick-service restaurants. It represents nearly 25% of total industry traffic as consumers return to pre-pandemic commuting patterns and seek “value-oriented” morning options amid persistent food inflation.
BK already has one big W on the scorecard this year.
Restaurant Brands (QSR) said this week its Burger King US chain delivered a 5.8% same-store sales increase in the first quarter. The result outperformed the quick-service restaurant industry by more than five points, Bernstein analyst Danilo Gargiulo said.
It also bested McDonald’s (MCD) — its US business posted a same-store sales increase of 3.9% in the first quarter today.
“It’s a zero-sum game. It’s not a growing category,” Curtis said. “But we’ve proven to ourselves that if you do offer a better experience and a better core product, you can absolutely grow.”
Brian Sozzi is Yahoo Finance's Executive Editor and a member of Yahoo Finance's editorial leadership team. Follow Sozzi on X @BrianSozzi, Instagram, and LinkedIn. Tips on stories? Email brian.sozzi@yahoofinance.com.
Click here for in-depth analysis of the latest stock market news and events moving stock prices
Read the latest financial and business news from Yahoo Finance
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio