Title: Johnson & Johnson launches _Generation Fine,_ a New Movement Encouraging Patients to Expect More fro
Date: 2026-05-07 12:00
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/sectors/healthcare/articles/johnson-johnson-launches-generation-fine-120000942.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Trump’s latest tariff defeat could give businesses a 2-month reprieve before new duties are imposed
Trade court strikes down Trump's 10% blanket tariffs
The Dow slipped, while the S&P 500 and Nasdaq retreated from record highs as the AI trade took a breather
US stocks tick up in wait for Iran-US deal update, as earnings roll in
The hottest neighborhoods in the country are almost all in the Midwest or Florida. Here's why.
A top Iranian official is in China. It's setting the tone for Trump’s meeting with Xi next week.
The Dow jumped 600 points while the S&P 500 and Nasdaq hit records amid a tech-driven rally
The Nasdaq gained 1.4% as strong tech earnings fueled the AI trade
'Sell in May' has been a bad strategy this century
Stocks rose at the open amid rising hopes for an Iran peace deal, upbeat tech earnings
Anthropic's CEO says a big shift is coming for software companies — and some will 'completely go bust'
AMD stock leaps on earnings beat, better-than-expected outlook
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq notched fresh records as tech stocks rose and oil fell
US stocks rise at the open as oil retreats, wave of solid earnings rolls in
Spirit Airlines is gone. Here are the low-cost airlines filling the gap.
Court documents show Musk warned OpenAI execs they would become 'the most hated men in America' days before the trial began
Palantir beats earnings expectations, with revenue rising 85% on booming US business
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq drop, oil surges as Middle East attacks escalate
GameStop’s CEO dodged questions on funding the deal, leaving investors uneasy
Dow sags while S&P 500, Nasdaq waver as Hormuz tensions rise
Why trade deficits under Trump are so difficult to understand (and so easy to spin)
Buying record highs looks riskier in the Nasdaq and Russell 2000 than in the broader market
Would a gas tax holiday lower prices? What drivers should know.
Wall Street sees more market gains as strong earnings fuel the AI trade
The April jobs report and more major first quarter results await investors this week.
April added roughly $1.2 trillion to Alphabet’s market value, or just over 50 times Google’s IPO valuation.
Toto Wolff on Mercedes F1's dominant start, the 'outstanding' Kimi Antonelli, and why vulnerability is a leader's 'superpower'
The average cost of college in 2026 (and how to pay for it)
Network shakeups hit Medicare Advantage, forcing retirees to pay up or find new care
Jerome Powell's Fed years were an everything rally
The Iran War almost upended spring homebuying, but so far the market is showing 'surprising resilience'
Berkshire Hathaway's profits double as shareholders gather for the annual meeting in Omaha (Associated Press)
Bankrupt carrier Spirit Airlines ceased operations Saturday, the industry's first closure linked to the Iran war.
If Spirit Airlines shuts down, travel chaos could ramp up. Here's how to protect your summer travel plans.
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq jumped to record highs as the AI trade fueled a tech rally
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq advanced after hitting record highs as earnings rolled in
Apple's earnings beat is part of an amazing trend
AI developers are snapping up Mac minis, sparking a shortage that could drag on for months
Apple beats earnings estimates on strong iPhone and China sales
Dow jumps 750 points, S&P 500 and Nasdaq notch record highs to end the best month for stocks since 2020
The AI earnings bonanza is splitting investors
Trump bets Hormuz blockade will break Iran before triggering a global crisis
US stocks climb as economic updates, solid earnings roll in and Big Techs buoy AI hopes
Nvidia has powered one third of the Mag 7's bull market gains
Results from four Big Tech companies showed combined AI spending reaching an eye-popping $725 billion this year.
Microsoft tops earnings estimates, says AI business up 123% year over year
Meta stock falls despite earnings beat as AI spending plans spook investors
Alphabet earnings top estimates on strong Google Cloud growth
The Dow and S&P 500 slipped as oil surged, with Big Tech earnings on deck
Powell will stay on as governor, says he has no choice amid legal attacks on Fed
The above button links to Coinbase. Yahoo Finance is not a broker-dealer or investment adviser and does not offer securities or cryptocurrencies for sale or facilitate trading. Coinbase pays us for certain activity generated through this link. Prices displayed are informational.
Generation Fine launches after global survey finds nearly 4 in 5 patients living with major depressive disorder don't believe antidepressants will help them reach remission
Campaign draws on expertise of Mental Health America and elevates the voices of leading mental health advocates, including Kyle Long, television studio analyst, retired National Football League (NFL) player 
NEW BRUNSWICK, N.J., May 7, 2026 /PRNewswire/ -- Johnson & Johnson (NYSE: JNJ) today announced the launch of Generation Fine, a global campaign designed to challenge what it means to feel "fine" in depression care and empower patients to take the first step in moving beyond "good enough" by talking with their healthcare provider. Informed by a global survey of patients and healthcare providers spanning seven countries and four continents, the campaign reflects a troubling reality: nearly 4 in 5 patients living with major depressive disorder (MDD) don't believe antidepressants will help them reach remission. Developed in collaboration with leading mental health advocates and drawing on the expertise of Mental Health America, Generation Fine highlights the unique challenges and experiences of people living with depression and provides valuable resources to support more productive conversations about their care—including the possibility of remission.
"Depression doesn't look the same for everyone, but it is often treated with the same one-size-fits-all approach," said Jessica Jackson, Ph.D., Vice President of Alliance Development, Mental Health America. "This disconnect can leave people feeling unseen or misunderstood, while stigma and societal pressures make it even harder to seek help. We need to change the conversation and create opportunities where all people feel empowered to say, 'I'm not okay.'"
MDD, or clinical depression, is one of the most common psychiatric disorders, affecting an estimated 332 million people worldwide.1,2 In the U.S. alone, more than 22 million adults live with the disorder.3 While oral antidepressants work for some, studies show that about 2 in 3 people living with MDD continue to experience residual or ongoing depressive symptoms while on treatment.4 Unfortunately, this means many patients are left settling for outcomes that are just "fine."
The Generation Fine global survey findings underscore the everyday burden of ongoing symptoms people with MDD continue to face while on treatment:
Feeling "fine" on treatment is accepted as good enough: Nearly 4 in 5 patients believe antidepressants are unlikely to address all of their symptoms or help them reach remission.
Ongoing depression symptoms are a significant burden: Almost 3 in 4 patients said their residual symptoms have a real impact on their everyday life. Nearly 90 percent reported their symptoms affect how they show up at work, and more than half said they isolate themselves from others more frequently than they normally would because of how they're feeling.
Patients struggle to talk to their healthcare provider about residual symptoms: Of those who hadn't raised concerns with their provider, 40 percent said they don't have the time or energy to initiate the conversation, and one-third don't think their provider will have a solution to help address their ongoing symptoms.
"These findings reinforce what patients have been telling us for years: far too many continue to struggle despite being on treatment," said Peter Fang, Worldwide Vice President, Neuroscience, Global Commercial Strategy Organization, Johnson & Johnson. "No one should have to settle for 'fine' when it comes to their care, which is why Johnson & Johnson is committed to redefining what's possible for people living with MDD. With Generation Fine, we aim to empower patients and equip them with the tools, resources and confidence to talk to their healthcare providers about moving beyond 'fine' and toward remission from their depression."
At the heart of the campaign are authentic patient stories that reflect the unique challenges and experiences of people living with and managing depression, underscoring how different depression looks for everyone. By sharing these stories, Generation Fine seeks to help patients feel less alone in their experience, encourage them to expect more from treatment and empower them to take the first step in talking to their healthcare provider.
"I've battled depression at different stages of my life, including during my career in the NFL, and for a long time I felt like I had to 'tough it out' and handle it by myself," said Kyle Long, NFL Alum and former Chicago Bears Offensive Lineman. "When I stopped trying to fight it alone and started being honest with myself and my support system, including my doctor, everything changed. Speaking up about what you're feeling isn't weakness—it's the strongest play you can make."
"As someone who has navigated my own depression journey, I know firsthand how frustrating it can be when a treatment doesn't work or address all your symptoms," said Jessi Gold, M.D., M.S., psychiatrist and Generation Fine ambassador. "In that moment, it's easy to settle because the idea of adjusting your treatment plan can feel overwhelming. I want patients to know they're not alone in this struggle and that they deserve to feel better than 'fine'—because 'fine' is not the finish line."
To learn more and join a global conversation about looking beyond "fine" and toward a goal of remission with depression care, visit Generation-Fine.com.
All content creators, mental health advocates and Mental Health America were compensated by Johnson & Johnson for their collaboration on this campaign.
ABOUT THE GENERATION FINE GLOBAL SURVEYAs part of Generation Fine, Johnson & Johnson conducted a global survey spanning seven countries (U.S., Brazil, Canada, China, Germany, Italy and Spain) to better understand the invisible burden of ongoing symptoms people with major depressive disorder (MDD) face while on treatment. The online communications poll, fielded by Wakefield Research from August 6-17, 2025, surveyed 850 adults currently managing their MDD with oral antidepressants and 800 healthcare providers who treat patients with MDD. Mental Health America reviewed the survey results in advance of publication and received compensation for their review.
ABOUT MAJOR DEPRESSIVE DISORDER (MDD)MDD is one of the most common psychiatric disorders and a leading cause of disability worldwide, impacting an estimated 332 million people—or about 5 percent of the adult population.1 In the U.S. alone, an estimated 22 million adults are living with MDD.3 While depression is typically treated with a "one-size-fits-all" approach, no two cases are the same. MDD is a complex, heterogeneous disorder involving multiple regions of the brain and presenting with as many as 256 unique symptom combinations.5 As a result, responses to treatment vary widely. With current standard-of-care oral antidepressants, about 2 in 3 MDD patients continue to experience residual or ongoing symptoms.4 Moreover, MDD is a risk factor for the development and worsening of a range of comorbidities, illustrating the importance of integrating mental and general health care.6
ABOUT JOHNSON & JOHNSONAt Johnson & Johnson, we believe health is everything. Our strength in healthcare innovation empowers us to build a world where complex diseases are prevented, treated, and cured, where treatments are smarter and less invasive, and where solutions are personal. Through our expertise in Innovative Medicine and MedTech, we are uniquely positioned to innovate across the full spectrum of healthcare solutions today to deliver the breakthroughs of tomorrow, and profoundly impact health for humanity.
Learn more at https://www.jnj.com/ or at https://innovativemedicine.jnj.com/.
© Johnson & Johnson and its affiliates 2026. All rights reserved.
Footnotes
World Health Organization. Depressive disorder (depression). Accessed September 2025. Available at: https://www.who.int/news-room/fact-sheets/detail/depression.
Depression and Bipolar Support Alliance. Types of depression. Accessed September 2025. Available at: https://www.dbsalliance.org/education/depression/types-of-depression/.
Key substance use and mental health indicators in the United States: Results from the 2023 National Survey on Drug Use and Health. Center for Behavioral Health Statistics and Quality, Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration. Accessed November 2025.
Rush AJ, Trivedi MH, Wisniewski SR, et al. Acute and longer-term outcomes in depressed outpatients requiring one or several treatment steps: a STAR*D report. Am J Psychiatry. 2006;163(11):1905-1917. doi:10.1176/ajp.2006.163.11.1905.
Buch AM, Liston C. Dissecting diagnostic heterogeneity in depression by integrating neuroimaging and genetics. Neuropsychopharmacology. 2021 Jan;46(1):156-175. doi: 10.1038/s41386-020-00789-3. Epub 2020 Aug 11. PMID: 32781460; PMCID: PMC7688954.
Zhu L et al. Economic burden and antidepressant treatment patterns among patients with major depressive disorder in the United States. J Manag Care Spec Pharm. 2022;28(11-a suppl):S2–S13. doi: 10.18553/jmcp.2022.28.11-a.s1.
Media contact:
Caitlin Lormel
Johnson & Johnson
clormel@its.jnj.com
Investor contact:
Jess Margevich
Johnson & Johnson
investor-relations@its.jnj.com 
View original content to download multimedia:https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/johnson--johnson-launches-generation-fine-a-new-movement-encouraging-patients-to-expect-more-from-depression-treatment-and-aim-for-remission-302764753.html
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio