Title: Airlines Deliver Strong Passenger Experience, Despite Industry Challenges, JD Power Finds
Date: 2026-05-06 10:00
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/sectors/healthcare/articles/airlines-deliver-strong-passenger-experience-100000272.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Trump’s latest tariff defeat could give businesses a 2-month reprieve before new duties are imposed
Trade court strikes down Trump's 10% blanket tariffs
The Dow slipped, while the S&P 500 and Nasdaq retreated from record highs as the AI trade took a breather
US stocks tick up in wait for Iran-US deal update, as earnings roll in
The hottest neighborhoods in the country are almost all in the Midwest or Florida. Here's why.
A top Iranian official is in China. It's setting the tone for Trump’s meeting with Xi next week.
The Dow jumped 600 points while the S&P 500 and Nasdaq hit records amid a tech-driven rally
The Nasdaq gained 1.4% as strong tech earnings fueled the AI trade
'Sell in May' has been a bad strategy this century
Stocks rose at the open amid rising hopes for an Iran peace deal, upbeat tech earnings
Anthropic's CEO says a big shift is coming for software companies — and some will 'completely go bust'
AMD stock leaps on earnings beat, better-than-expected outlook
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq notched fresh records as tech stocks rose and oil fell
US stocks rise at the open as oil retreats, wave of solid earnings rolls in
Spirit Airlines is gone. Here are the low-cost airlines filling the gap.
Court documents show Musk warned OpenAI execs they would become 'the most hated men in America' days before the trial began
Palantir beats earnings expectations, with revenue rising 85% on booming US business
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq drop, oil surges as Middle East attacks escalate
GameStop’s CEO dodged questions on funding the deal, leaving investors uneasy
Dow sags while S&P 500, Nasdaq waver as Hormuz tensions rise
Why trade deficits under Trump are so difficult to understand (and so easy to spin)
Buying record highs looks riskier in the Nasdaq and Russell 2000 than in the broader market
Would a gas tax holiday lower prices? What drivers should know.
Wall Street sees more market gains as strong earnings fuel the AI trade
The April jobs report and more major first quarter results await investors this week.
April added roughly $1.2 trillion to Alphabet’s market value, or just over 50 times Google’s IPO valuation.
Toto Wolff on Mercedes F1's dominant start, the 'outstanding' Kimi Antonelli, and why vulnerability is a leader's 'superpower'
The average cost of college in 2026 (and how to pay for it)
Network shakeups hit Medicare Advantage, forcing retirees to pay up or find new care
Jerome Powell's Fed years were an everything rally
The Iran War almost upended spring homebuying, but so far the market is showing 'surprising resilience'
Berkshire Hathaway's profits double as shareholders gather for the annual meeting in Omaha (Associated Press)
Bankrupt carrier Spirit Airlines ceased operations Saturday, the industry's first closure linked to the Iran war.
If Spirit Airlines shuts down, travel chaos could ramp up. Here's how to protect your summer travel plans.
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq jumped to record highs as the AI trade fueled a tech rally
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq advanced after hitting record highs as earnings rolled in
Apple's earnings beat is part of an amazing trend
AI developers are snapping up Mac minis, sparking a shortage that could drag on for months
Apple beats earnings estimates on strong iPhone and China sales
Dow jumps 750 points, S&P 500 and Nasdaq notch record highs to end the best month for stocks since 2020
The AI earnings bonanza is splitting investors
Trump bets Hormuz blockade will break Iran before triggering a global crisis
US stocks climb as economic updates, solid earnings roll in and Big Techs buoy AI hopes
Nvidia has powered one third of the Mag 7's bull market gains
Results from four Big Tech companies showed combined AI spending reaching an eye-popping $725 billion this year.
Microsoft tops earnings estimates, says AI business up 123% year over year
Meta stock falls despite earnings beat as AI spending plans spook investors
Alphabet earnings top estimates on strong Google Cloud growth
The Dow and S&P 500 slipped as oil surged, with Big Tech earnings on deck
Powell will stay on as governor, says he has no choice amid legal attacks on Fed
The above button links to Coinbase. Yahoo Finance is not a broker-dealer or investment adviser and does not offer securities or cryptocurrencies for sale or facilitate trading. Coinbase pays us for certain activity generated through this link. Prices displayed are informational.
JetBlue Airways, Delta Air Lines and Southwest Airlines Each Rank Highest in Customer Satisfaction in Respective Segment
Overall satisfaction with airlines in North America rises sharply across all segments
On-board experience, day of travel experience and value for price paid help drive improvement
Recent increases in ticket prices and fees may negatively affect passenger satisfaction
TROY, Mich., May 06, 2026--(BUSINESS WIRE)--During the course of a year that saw heavy flight delays and cancellations, crowded airports and rising ticket prices and baggage fees, airlines in North America still managed to deliver stand-out passenger experiences. According to the JD Power 2026 North America Airline Satisfaction Study,SM released today, overall satisfaction rises 8 points (on a 1,000-point scale) year over year, with improvement occurring across all segments. However, as airfares have begun to skyrocket in 2026, airlines may soon find it difficult to offset high costs with great service.
"Despite many challenges, the airlines returned to basics of passenger communication, friendly service and providing slightly better value for money compared to past years," said Michael Taylor, senior managing director of travel, hospitality, retail and customer service at JD Power. "The big question now is how long that can continue. With airfare prices for some routes tripling over the past few weeks and baggage fees increasing to cover rising fuel costs, it is becoming increasingly difficult for airlines to continue to drive the high levels of customer satisfaction in this year’s study."
Following are some key findings of the 2026 study:
Overall satisfaction rises across all segments: Overall passenger satisfaction for North America airlines is up 8 points from 2025. That improvement is driven by a 17-point increase in satisfaction among passengers flying in first and business classes; a 14-point increase in satisfaction among passengers flying in the premium economy class; and a 6-point increase in satisfaction among passengers flying in the economy and basic economy classes.
Controlling the controllables: Overall improvements in the passenger experience are driven by strong scores for on-board experience; day of travel pre-board and post-flight experience; and perception of value for price paid, underscoring how airline efforts to deliver on the basics of customer service and clear communication have succeeded in mitigating many of the frustrations travelers have encountered as a result of travel delays and rising costs.
Gap narrows between top performers in economy/basic economy segment: Just three points separate the highest-ranked (Southwest Airlines) and second highest-ranked (Delta Air Lines) airlines in the economy/basic economy segment. Southwest has dramatically changed its operating processes at the behest of shareholders. The introduction of fees has traditionally had a major effect on satisfaction with airline performance.
Study Ranking
JetBlue Airways ranks highest in customer satisfaction in the first/business segment for a second consecutive year with a score of 759. Delta Air Lines (750) ranks second and Alaska Airlines (720) ranks third.
Delta Air Lines ranks highest in customer satisfaction in the premium economy segment for a fourth consecutive year, with a score of 736. Alaska Airlines (720) ranks second and JetBlue Airways (701) ranks third.
Southwest Airlines ranks highest in customer satisfaction in the economy/basic economy segment for a fifth consecutive year, with a score of 670. Delta Air Lines (667) ranks second and JetBlue Airways (655) ranks third.
To view the official release and complete visual rank charts, visit: http://www.jdpower.com/pr-id/2026035.
The North America Airline Satisfaction Study measures passenger satisfaction with airline carriers in North America based on performance in seven core dimensions on a poor-to-perfect 6-point rating scale. Individual dimensions measured are (in alphabetical order): airline staff; digital tools; ease of travel; level of trust; on-board experience; pre/post-flight experience; and value for price paid. The study measures passenger satisfaction in three segments—first/business; premium economy; and economy/basic economy.
The 2026 study is based on responses from 10,914 passengers. Passengers needed to have flown on a major North America airline within the past month of completing a survey. The study was fielded from March 2025 through March 2026.
For more information about the North America Airline Satisfaction Study, visit https://www.jdpower.com/business/resource/jd-power-north-america-airline-satisfaction-study.
About JD Power
JD Power delivers mission-critical data, analytics and intelligence that help businesses improve customer experience and operational performance with confidence and clarity. Using proprietary, comprehensive data–including millions of consumer interactions and authoritative automotive datasets–combined with advanced analytics, artificial intelligence and deep industry expertise, JD Power enables leaders to respond to market shifts, make smarter decisions and drive measurable performance improvements.
As an objective source of deep insight into real-world customer interactions with brands and products, JD Power provides the independent intelligence organizations need to anticipate change, strengthen customer engagement and advance growth. Learn more at JDPower.com.
About JD Power and Advertising/Promotional Rules: www.jdpower.com/business/about-us/press-release-info
View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20260506565685/en/
Contacts
Media Relations Contacts Joe LaMuraglia, JD Power; East Coast; 714-621-6224; media.relations@jdpa.com John Roderick; East Coast; 631-584-2200; john@jroderick.com
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio