Title: Delta is killing food and beverage service on hundreds of daily flights — unless you splurge for fir
Date: 2026-05-06 11:20
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/sectors/technology/articles/delta-killing-food-beverage-hundreds-112000336.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Trump’s latest tariff defeat could give businesses a 2-month reprieve before new duties are imposed
Trade court strikes down Trump's 10% blanket tariffs
The Dow slipped, while the S&P 500 and Nasdaq retreated from record highs as the AI trade took a breather
US stocks tick up in wait for Iran-US deal update, as earnings roll in
The hottest neighborhoods in the country are almost all in the Midwest or Florida. Here's why.
A top Iranian official is in China. It's setting the tone for Trump’s meeting with Xi next week.
The Dow jumped 600 points while the S&P 500 and Nasdaq hit records amid a tech-driven rally
The Nasdaq gained 1.4% as strong tech earnings fueled the AI trade
'Sell in May' has been a bad strategy this century
Stocks rose at the open amid rising hopes for an Iran peace deal, upbeat tech earnings
Anthropic's CEO says a big shift is coming for software companies — and some will 'completely go bust'
AMD stock leaps on earnings beat, better-than-expected outlook
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq notched fresh records as tech stocks rose and oil fell
US stocks rise at the open as oil retreats, wave of solid earnings rolls in
Spirit Airlines is gone. Here are the low-cost airlines filling the gap.
Court documents show Musk warned OpenAI execs they would become 'the most hated men in America' days before the trial began
Palantir beats earnings expectations, with revenue rising 85% on booming US business
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq drop, oil surges as Middle East attacks escalate
GameStop’s CEO dodged questions on funding the deal, leaving investors uneasy
Dow sags while S&P 500, Nasdaq waver as Hormuz tensions rise
Why trade deficits under Trump are so difficult to understand (and so easy to spin)
Buying record highs looks riskier in the Nasdaq and Russell 2000 than in the broader market
Would a gas tax holiday lower prices? What drivers should know.
Wall Street sees more market gains as strong earnings fuel the AI trade
The April jobs report and more major first quarter results await investors this week.
April added roughly $1.2 trillion to Alphabet’s market value, or just over 50 times Google’s IPO valuation.
Toto Wolff on Mercedes F1's dominant start, the 'outstanding' Kimi Antonelli, and why vulnerability is a leader's 'superpower'
The average cost of college in 2026 (and how to pay for it)
Network shakeups hit Medicare Advantage, forcing retirees to pay up or find new care
Jerome Powell's Fed years were an everything rally
The Iran War almost upended spring homebuying, but so far the market is showing 'surprising resilience'
Berkshire Hathaway's profits double as shareholders gather for the annual meeting in Omaha (Associated Press)
Bankrupt carrier Spirit Airlines ceased operations Saturday, the industry's first closure linked to the Iran war.
If Spirit Airlines shuts down, travel chaos could ramp up. Here's how to protect your summer travel plans.
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq jumped to record highs as the AI trade fueled a tech rally
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq advanced after hitting record highs as earnings rolled in
Apple's earnings beat is part of an amazing trend
AI developers are snapping up Mac minis, sparking a shortage that could drag on for months
Apple beats earnings estimates on strong iPhone and China sales
Dow jumps 750 points, S&P 500 and Nasdaq notch record highs to end the best month for stocks since 2020
The AI earnings bonanza is splitting investors
Trump bets Hormuz blockade will break Iran before triggering a global crisis
US stocks climb as economic updates, solid earnings roll in and Big Techs buoy AI hopes
Nvidia has powered one third of the Mag 7's bull market gains
Results from four Big Tech companies showed combined AI spending reaching an eye-popping $725 billion this year.
Microsoft tops earnings estimates, says AI business up 123% year over year
Meta stock falls despite earnings beat as AI spending plans spook investors
Alphabet earnings top estimates on strong Google Cloud growth
The Dow and S&P 500 slipped as oil surged, with Big Tech earnings on deck
Powell will stay on as governor, says he has no choice amid legal attacks on Fed
The above button links to Coinbase. Yahoo Finance is not a broker-dealer or investment adviser and does not offer securities or cryptocurrencies for sale or facilitate trading. Coinbase pays us for certain activity generated through this link. Prices displayed are informational.
Jumping on a quick-haul Delta flight later this month? You might want to stop by the airport newsstand if you're feeling thirsty or peckish.
The Atlanta-based carrier has announced plans to end cabin service on all economy routes that are shorter than 350 miles beginning May 19. That means roughly 450 daily flights will no longer offer any food or beverages to people in the main cabin or Comfort Plus seats. (Customers in Delta First, the carrier's first-class service, will continue to receive snacks and drinks on short-hop flights.)
Thanks to Jeff Bezos, you can now become a landlord for as little as $100 — and no, you don't have to deal with tenants or fix freezers. Here's how
Robert Kiyosaki says this 1 asset will surge 400% in a year and begs investors not to miss this ‘explosion’
Dave Ramsey warns nearly 50% of Americans are making 1 big Social Security mistake — here’s how to fix it ASAP
On the one hand, those flights typically take less than an hour (and oftentimes, the service was minimal and, if there was turbulence, bypassed), so it's not a tremendous sacrifice for passengers. In fact, Delta had already eliminated food and beverage service for flights under 250 miles in 2015.
But on the other hand, it's the end to a small luxury that most flyers have long been used to. (Never underestimate the love some people have for Delta's Biscoff cookies.)
The changes also impact some of the most popular flights the airline flies, including Los Angeles to San Francisco, New York JFK to Boston and Atlanta to Charlotte.
Not all the news is bad for Delta passengers, though. Those who are on any flight that is longer than 350 miles will now have access to the full beverage and snack menu on their journey. Some shorter flights had previously only offered express service, with limited options. Those changes will impact about 600 daily flights (1).
Delta has been putting a greater emphasis on its in-flight food options in recent years. In 2024, for example, the airline partnered with Shake Shack, providing those iconic burgers to passengers in its first-class cabins — a partnership that continues today (2).
Read More: This $1B private real estate fund is now accessible to non-millionaires. Start investing with just $10
With the changes to its short-haul service, Delta will be the stingiest of the major airlines when it comes to refreshments. United Airlines serves drinks and snacks on any flight that spans more than 300 miles, while American Airlines and Southwest will offer in-flight services on any flight that exceeds 250 miles.
That said, airlines often follow each other's lead. And all major carriers are looking for ways to cut costs these days, given the continually escalating price of jet fuel.
Just last week, Spirit Airlines stopped flying for good (3), saying "recent geopolitical events resulted in a massive and sustained increase in fuel prices." Had prices remained at the level they were before the U.S. military action in Iran, the company's court filing implied, Spirit would still be in the air.
Other carriers have warned that they will need to increase ticket prices to offset those higher fuel prices. United CEO Scott Kirby recently said those increases could be as high as 20% (4).
Delta has not yet announced any planned increase in fares, but it did raise the price of its checked bag fees by $10 in early April. Passengers will now pay $45 for their first bag, $55 for their second and $200 for a third (5). The airline pointed to higher fuel costs as the reason behind that move.
Millionaires under 43 are reshaping investing — just 25% of their portfolios are in stocks. Here’s where their money is going
Taxes are going to change for retirees under Trump’s ‘big beautiful bill’ — here are 4 reasons you can’t afford to waste time
Robert Kiyosaki issues grim warning for baby boomers: many could be ‘wiped out’ and homeless ‘all over’ the country
Vanguard’s outlook on U.S. stocks is raising alarm bells for retirees. Here’s why and how to protect yourself
Join 250,000+ readers and get Moneywise’s best stories and exclusive interviews first — clear insights curated and delivered weekly. Subscribe now.
We rely only on vetted sources and credible third-party reporting. For details, see our ethics and guidelines.
First Coast News (1); Fortune (2); Epiq (3); Reuters (4); CBS News (5).
This article originally appeared on Moneywise.com under the title: Delta is killing food and beverage service on hundreds of daily flights — unless you splurge for first-class seats
This article provides information only and should not be construed as advice. It is provided without warranty of any kind.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio