Title: Fortune Announces Third-Annual COO Summit 2026, Convening Leading Chief Operating Officers in Scotts
Date: 2026-05-05 14:00
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/sectors/technology/articles/fortune-announces-third-annual-coo-140000382.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Trump’s latest tariff defeat could give businesses a 2-month reprieve before new duties are imposed
Trade court strikes down Trump's 10% blanket tariffs
The Dow slipped, while the S&P 500 and Nasdaq retreated from record highs as the AI trade took a breather
US stocks tick up in wait for Iran-US deal update, as earnings roll in
The hottest neighborhoods in the country are almost all in the Midwest or Florida. Here's why.
A top Iranian official is in China. It's setting the tone for Trump’s meeting with Xi next week.
The Dow jumped 600 points while the S&P 500 and Nasdaq hit records amid a tech-driven rally
The Nasdaq gained 1.4% as strong tech earnings fueled the AI trade
'Sell in May' has been a bad strategy this century
Stocks rose at the open amid rising hopes for an Iran peace deal, upbeat tech earnings
Anthropic's CEO says a big shift is coming for software companies — and some will 'completely go bust'
AMD stock leaps on earnings beat, better-than-expected outlook
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq notched fresh records as tech stocks rose and oil fell
US stocks rise at the open as oil retreats, wave of solid earnings rolls in
Spirit Airlines is gone. Here are the low-cost airlines filling the gap.
Court documents show Musk warned OpenAI execs they would become 'the most hated men in America' days before the trial began
Palantir beats earnings expectations, with revenue rising 85% on booming US business
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq drop, oil surges as Middle East attacks escalate
GameStop’s CEO dodged questions on funding the deal, leaving investors uneasy
Dow sags while S&P 500, Nasdaq waver as Hormuz tensions rise
Why trade deficits under Trump are so difficult to understand (and so easy to spin)
Buying record highs looks riskier in the Nasdaq and Russell 2000 than in the broader market
Would a gas tax holiday lower prices? What drivers should know.
Wall Street sees more market gains as strong earnings fuel the AI trade
The April jobs report and more major first quarter results await investors this week.
April added roughly $1.2 trillion to Alphabet’s market value, or just over 50 times Google’s IPO valuation.
Toto Wolff on Mercedes F1's dominant start, the 'outstanding' Kimi Antonelli, and why vulnerability is a leader's 'superpower'
The average cost of college in 2026 (and how to pay for it)
Network shakeups hit Medicare Advantage, forcing retirees to pay up or find new care
Jerome Powell's Fed years were an everything rally
The Iran War almost upended spring homebuying, but so far the market is showing 'surprising resilience'
Berkshire Hathaway's profits double as shareholders gather for the annual meeting in Omaha (Associated Press)
Bankrupt carrier Spirit Airlines ceased operations Saturday, the industry's first closure linked to the Iran war.
If Spirit Airlines shuts down, travel chaos could ramp up. Here's how to protect your summer travel plans.
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq jumped to record highs as the AI trade fueled a tech rally
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq advanced after hitting record highs as earnings rolled in
Apple's earnings beat is part of an amazing trend
AI developers are snapping up Mac minis, sparking a shortage that could drag on for months
Apple beats earnings estimates on strong iPhone and China sales
Dow jumps 750 points, S&P 500 and Nasdaq notch record highs to end the best month for stocks since 2020
The AI earnings bonanza is splitting investors
Trump bets Hormuz blockade will break Iran before triggering a global crisis
US stocks climb as economic updates, solid earnings roll in and Big Techs buoy AI hopes
Nvidia has powered one third of the Mag 7's bull market gains
Results from four Big Tech companies showed combined AI spending reaching an eye-popping $725 billion this year.
Microsoft tops earnings estimates, says AI business up 123% year over year
Meta stock falls despite earnings beat as AI spending plans spook investors
Alphabet earnings top estimates on strong Google Cloud growth
The Dow and S&P 500 slipped as oil surged, with Big Tech earnings on deck
Powell will stay on as governor, says he has no choice amid legal attacks on Fed
The above button links to Coinbase. Yahoo Finance is not a broker-dealer or investment adviser and does not offer securities or cryptocurrencies for sale or facilitate trading. Coinbase pays us for certain activity generated through this link. Prices displayed are informational.
Confirmed speakers from Chime, Cognizant, Kroll, MGM Resorts International, Nike, Peloton, Tapestry, Toast, Southwest, U.S. Soccer Federation, among others
Invitation-only gathering tackles AI's transformation of business operations, enterprise risk, talent strategy, and the expanding mandate of the modern COO
NEW YORK, May 5, 2026 /PRNewswire/ -- Fortune today announced the return of the Fortune COO Summit, an invitation-only convening of senior operations leaders scheduled for June 1–2, 2026, at the Four Seasons Resort Scottsdale in Scottsdale, Arizona.
The summit, now in its third year, comes at a pivotal moment for the world's chief operating officers. As artificial intelligence restructures workflows, supply chains face compounding volatility, and the boundary between technology strategy and operational execution continues to dissolve, the COO role has never carried greater consequence — or greater complexity. The Fortune COO Summit 2026 is designed to meet that moment directly, convening a curated group of senior executives for two days of substantive discussion, peer exchange, and actionable insight.
Under the theme of operational excellence in an era of AI reinvention, programming will include: using AI to unlock new revenue opportunities and scalable monetization; navigating the new digital risk landscape; deploying agentic AI in collaboration with human talent; and a signature Succession Spotlight interview series featuring CEOs who rose from the COO role.
Among the sessions are:
"New Work, New World: How AI Is Reshaping Your Org Chart," a session hosted by founding partner Cognizant that will examine the estimated $4.5 trillion in U.S. labor exposed to AI.
"Unlocking Revenue in an AI Age," featuring Jon Blotner of Wayfair and Janelle Sallenave of Chime, will explore how AI-powered personalization and partnerships are reshaping retail and banking, where new revenue opportunities are emerging, and what challenges around technology, customer behavior, and trust remain.
"Defending the Enterprise: How COOs Manage Risk When Threats Multiply," will address how to assess dangers, make critical recommendations, and build organizations resilient enough to survive whatever is thrown their way with risk advisory firm leaders Jacob Silverman, CEO of Kroll, and Sid Kosaraju, president of Crisis24.
"Game On: The Operational Engine Behind the World Cup," where Venkatesh Alagirisamy, Executive Vice President and COO of Nike, and Dan Helfrich, COO of U.S. Soccer Federation, explore preparations for the 2026 FIFA World Cup.
"Inside the CDC: Running Healthcare at Scale," featuring Robin Bailey Jr., former COO of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, who will discuss making consequential decisions under life-and-death stakes.
The program also includes interactive masterclasses: One led by Sara Minkara, founder of Leadership in the Dark, on visual biases and inclusive leadership strategies, and one led by performance psychologist Rosanna Trasatti on high-stakes decision-making, drawing on the lessons of competitive poker.
Additional confirmed speakers include Brittany Bagley, COO and CFO of Axon; Sarah Franklin, CEO of Lattice; Adrienne Down Coulson, COO of Rakuten; Francine Katsoudas, executive vice president and chief people, policy and purpose officer at Cisco; Charles Kirol, COO of Peloton; Ravi Kumar S, CEO of Cognizant; Ayesha Molino, COO of MGM Resorts International; and Dennis Woodside, CEO of Freshworks.
"The COO role is undergoing its most significant transformation in a generation," said Kristin Stoller, editorial director at Fortune: "AI is rewriting what it means to run an organization—how work gets done, where risk lives, and how value is created. This summit brings together the executives who are navigating that transformation in real time and gives them a rare forum to engage honestly with peers who understand the weight of that responsibility."
Added Diane Brady, executive editorial director at Fortune, "2026 is turning out to be a seismic year for CEO transitions and many of those roles are being filled by operating leaders. The role of the COO has never been more important in corporate America."
The COO Summit will be led by Fortune's Stoller and Brady, as well as Leadership Editor Ruth Umoh and Senior Writer Phil Wahba.
The Fortune COO Summit 2026 is supported by a distinguished group of corporate partners. Cognizant serves as the Founding and Knowledge Partner. Boston Consulting Group (BCG) joins as a Knowledge Partner, and Thomson Reuters joins as a Partner of the summit. Roundtables hosted by BCG, Cognizant and Thomson Reuters will offer additional opportunities for focused peer discussion on AI scaling and value creation.
"The role of the COO is one of the most consequential in the agentic age," said Ravi Kumar S, Cognizant CEO. "There is a velocity gap between the speed of AI advancements and the slower pace of value realization in enterprises. That gap can only be closed when AI is embedded in the processes and operations of businesses and infused with the context that makes each company unique. As an AI Builder, Cognizant partners with COOs to reimagine operations with human and agentic capital, and build AI-native technology stacks that deliver impact at scale."
About Fortune:
Fortune is the premier global media company for global business leaders, built on a 96-year-old legacy of trusted, award-winning journalism. Independently owned, Fortune tells the story of business, spanning legacy companies to the world's new generation of innovators. Fortune measures corporate performance through rigorous benchmarks, and holds companies accountable, in regions around the world. Its iconic rankings include Fortune 500, Fortune Global 500, Most Powerful Women, and World's Most Admired Companies. Fortune builds world-class communities by convening industry thought leaders for exclusive summits and conferences, including the Fortune Global Forum, Fortune Brainstorm Tech, and Fortune Most Powerful Women. For more information, visit fortune.com.
Media Contacts:
Patrick ReillyFortune Patrick.Reilly@fortune.com 
Chelsea Hudson FortuneChelsea.Hudson@fortune.com
View original content to download multimedia:https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/fortune-announces-third-annual-coo-summit-2026-convening-leading-chief-operating-officers-in-scottsdale-arizona-june-1---2-302761969.html
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio