Title: Here's Exactly Why Wall Street Thinks Viking Therapeutics Stock Could Soar 207% Over the Next 12 Mon
Date: 2026-05-04 20:05
URL: https://www.fool.com/investing/2026/05/04/heres-exactly-why-wall-street-thinks-viking-therap/?.tsrc=rss

The Street is bullish on this biotech's prospects, but is the sentiment justified?
Investors are turning away from somewhat speculative and unprofitable stocks right now, given the significant volatility and economic-related uncertainty we face. But what if this rotation is creating attractive buying opportunities? Consider Viking Therapeutics (VKTX +5.87%), a biotech company that has underperformed this year. The drugmaker's shares are down by 15% to date. Yet, Wall Street has high hopes for Viking Therapeutics. Based on its average price target of $92.33 (according to Yahoo! Finance), the stock could soar by 207% over the next 12 months, given its share price as of this writing. Why does Wall Street have such high expectations for Viking Therapeutics? And is it worth investing in the company right now? Let's find out. 
Image source: The Motley Fool.
Viking Therapeutics has no product on the market and generates no revenue. That makes the stock inherently risky. However, the company has several promising pipeline candidates. Viking Therapeutics is developing anti-obesity medicines. This area may be one of the most popular in the biotech industry right now. The leading approved weight-loss therapy, Zepbound, continues to post impressive sales. Here's the good news: There are reasons to think the market boasts massive white space. 
The prevalence of obesity in the U.S. is around 40% according to the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC). The CDC's definition relies on body mass index (BMI), which has several limitations. More recent research that takes into account the drawbacks of BMI has found that the percentage of people in the U.S. who are obese is around 70%. But according to some data, only 12% of Americans are currently on GLP-1s, and only 18% have ever been on them.
Whichever definition we choose, this area is arguably still underpenetrated. That's the unmet need Viking Therapeutics aims to address. The company's leading candidate is called VK2735. It is currently undergoing a pair of phase 3 studies, one that features obese patients with diabetes, and another for patients without diabetes. Both are fully enrolled, and considering their 78-week length, we could see preliminary data for both within the next 12 months. Positive results here would be a major catalyst. 
This Card Just Received a Rare 5-Star Rating
Our team of credit card pros don’t just recommend this card—they actually use it. Motley Fool Money calls it a top pick for a reason.
Of note, VK2735 performed well in a phase 2 clinical trial, achieving a mean weight loss of up to 14.7% after 13 weeks. Of course, Viking Therapeutics isn't the only company that is looking to enter this space. It is already dominated by Eli Lilly and Novo Nordisk, with several other pharmaceutical giants developing their own weight-loss options. Provided Viking Therapeutics' candidate delivers efficacy numbers on par with those of the leading drugmakers, the market will handsomely reward the stock. 
Viking Therapeutics is working on other projects. The company is developing an oral formulation of VK2735, for which it expects to begin phase 3 studies in the fourth quarter. Viking Therapeutics is also running a maintenance study. It is testing various options, including weekly, bi-weekly, and monthly doses (after an initial weekly dosing schedule), to see if that will help keep the weight off. Lastly, Viking Therapeutics has another investigational anti-obesity therapy in preclinical studies for which it expects to start clinical trials during the second quarter.
One little-known company, called an "Indispensable Monopoly" owns the technology Nvidia, AMD, and Intel cannot function without. And it is still just a fraction of Nvidia’s size.
We just released a brand-new report with the full story and the company’s name. 
Progress with these other programs over the next 12 months could also jolt the stock, although the most important things to monitor will be VK2735's phase 3 studies. So, is Wall Street right to be bullish on the stock? My view is that although the company's shares could indeed gain significant momentum, provided VK2735 can ace late-stage trials, it is unlikely to match The Street's price target in the next year. What's more, the stock could sink if Viking Therapeutics fails to post strong phase 3 results for VK2735. In other words, this is a risky stock, and only investors comfortable with heightened volatility should consider it. 

 


Before you buy stock in Viking Therapeutics, consider this:
The Motley Fool Stock Advisor analyst team just identified what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy now… and Viking Therapeutics wasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years.
Consider when Netflix made this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $496,473!* Or when Nvidia made this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $1,216,605!*
Now, it’s worth noting Stock Advisor’s total average return is 968% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to 202% for the S&P 500. Don't miss the latest top 10 list, available with Stock Advisor, and join an investing community built by individual investors for individual investors.
See the 10 stocks ›
*Stock Advisor returns as of May 4, 2026. 

Prosper Junior Bakiny has positions in Eli Lilly, Novo Nordisk, and Viking Therapeutics. The Motley Fool recommends Novo Nordisk and Viking Therapeutics. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy.
This tech could reach $80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over 18 Nvidias.
What in the world could be worth 18 Nvidias? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited.
Continue ›

*Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close.
This Card Just Received a Rare 5-Star Rating
Our team of credit card pros don’t just recommend this card—they actually use it. Motley Fool Money calls it a top pick for a reason.
Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services.
Making the world smarter, happier, and richer.
© 1995 - 2026 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved.
Market data powered by Xignite and Polygon.io.
About The Motley Fool
Our Services
Around the Globe
Free Tools
Affiliates & Friends