Title: CellCentric Announces Oversubscribed $220 Million Series D Financing to Advance Pivotal Trials of In
Date: 2026-05-06 11:00
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/sectors/healthcare/articles/cellcentric-announces-oversubscribed-220-million-110000660.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Trump’s latest tariff defeat could give businesses a 2-month reprieve before new duties are imposed
Trade court strikes down Trump's 10% blanket tariffs
The Dow slipped, while the S&P 500 and Nasdaq retreated from record highs as the AI trade took a breather
US stocks tick up in wait for Iran-US deal update, as earnings roll in
The hottest neighborhoods in the country are almost all in the Midwest or Florida. Here's why.
A top Iranian official is in China. It's setting the tone for Trump’s meeting with Xi next week.
The Dow jumped 600 points while the S&P 500 and Nasdaq hit records amid a tech-driven rally
The Nasdaq gained 1.4% as strong tech earnings fueled the AI trade
'Sell in May' has been a bad strategy this century
Stocks rose at the open amid rising hopes for an Iran peace deal, upbeat tech earnings
Anthropic's CEO says a big shift is coming for software companies — and some will 'completely go bust'
AMD stock leaps on earnings beat, better-than-expected outlook
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq notched fresh records as tech stocks rose and oil fell
US stocks rise at the open as oil retreats, wave of solid earnings rolls in
Spirit Airlines is gone. Here are the low-cost airlines filling the gap.
Court documents show Musk warned OpenAI execs they would become 'the most hated men in America' days before the trial began
Palantir beats earnings expectations, with revenue rising 85% on booming US business
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq drop, oil surges as Middle East attacks escalate
GameStop’s CEO dodged questions on funding the deal, leaving investors uneasy
Dow sags while S&P 500, Nasdaq waver as Hormuz tensions rise
Why trade deficits under Trump are so difficult to understand (and so easy to spin)
Buying record highs looks riskier in the Nasdaq and Russell 2000 than in the broader market
Would a gas tax holiday lower prices? What drivers should know.
Wall Street sees more market gains as strong earnings fuel the AI trade
The April jobs report and more major first quarter results await investors this week.
April added roughly $1.2 trillion to Alphabet’s market value, or just over 50 times Google’s IPO valuation.
Toto Wolff on Mercedes F1's dominant start, the 'outstanding' Kimi Antonelli, and why vulnerability is a leader's 'superpower'
The average cost of college in 2026 (and how to pay for it)
Network shakeups hit Medicare Advantage, forcing retirees to pay up or find new care
Jerome Powell's Fed years were an everything rally
The Iran War almost upended spring homebuying, but so far the market is showing 'surprising resilience'
Berkshire Hathaway's profits double as shareholders gather for the annual meeting in Omaha (Associated Press)
Bankrupt carrier Spirit Airlines ceased operations Saturday, the industry's first closure linked to the Iran war.
If Spirit Airlines shuts down, travel chaos could ramp up. Here's how to protect your summer travel plans.
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq jumped to record highs as the AI trade fueled a tech rally
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq advanced after hitting record highs as earnings rolled in
Apple's earnings beat is part of an amazing trend
AI developers are snapping up Mac minis, sparking a shortage that could drag on for months
Apple beats earnings estimates on strong iPhone and China sales
Dow jumps 750 points, S&P 500 and Nasdaq notch record highs to end the best month for stocks since 2020
The AI earnings bonanza is splitting investors
Trump bets Hormuz blockade will break Iran before triggering a global crisis
US stocks climb as economic updates, solid earnings roll in and Big Techs buoy AI hopes
Nvidia has powered one third of the Mag 7's bull market gains
Results from four Big Tech companies showed combined AI spending reaching an eye-popping $725 billion this year.
Microsoft tops earnings estimates, says AI business up 123% year over year
Meta stock falls despite earnings beat as AI spending plans spook investors
Alphabet earnings top estimates on strong Google Cloud growth
The Dow and S&P 500 slipped as oil surged, with Big Tech earnings on deck
Powell will stay on as governor, says he has no choice amid legal attacks on Fed
The above button links to Coinbase. Yahoo Finance is not a broker-dealer or investment adviser and does not offer securities or cryptocurrencies for sale or facilitate trading. Coinbase pays us for certain activity generated through this link. Prices displayed are informational.
Proceeds to support registration-enabling trials, DOMMINO-1 and DOMMINO-2, and continued development of the first-in-class p300/CBP inhibitor
Financing led by Venrock Healthcare Capital Partners, with participation from Fidelity Management & Research Company, Sofinnova Partners and HBM Healthcare, alongside existing investors RA Capital Management, Forbion, Pfizer, Avego BioScience Capital and American Cancer Society BrightEdge
CAMBRIDGE, England & BOSTON, May 06, 2026--(BUSINESS WIRE)--CellCentric, a clinical-stage biotechnology company developing inobrodib as a first-in-class, oral p300/CBP inhibitor for the treatment of multiple myeloma, today announced the completion of an oversubscribed $220 million Series D financing. The financing was led by specialist investor Venrock Healthcare Capital Partners, with participation from a strong syndicate of new and existing investors.
Proceeds will support the advancement of inobrodib through pivotal clinical development studies, including continued enrollment of the company’s recently initiated Phase 2 DOMMINO-1 study in the UK and US and initiation of the global Phase 3 DOMMINO-2 trial in the second half of 2026. Capital raised will also fund expansion of inobrodib into additional combination and maintenance treatment settings.
"We are thrilled to have the support of top-tier investors who believe in inobrodib’s potential to address a critical need in multiple myeloma, notably after bispecific T cell engager or anti-BCMA therapies. This is a significant and growing unmet need," said Will West, Ph.D., CEO of CellCentric. "Inobrodib is a new modality and a potential fresh option for patients that is orally administered. In combination with pomalidomide and dexamethasone as InoPd, we have demonstrated deep responses in heavily pretreated relapsed or refractory multiple myeloma patients. Fueled by this funding, we are well positioned to complete registration enabling studies for the all-oral triplet and advance our progress toward delivering a transformative treatment."
Phase 2 dose-optimization data shared in December 2025 at ASH, demonstrated that 20 mg inobrodib in combination with standard doses of pomalidomide and dexamethasone (InoPd) represents at least a two-fold increase in response rates compared to historic alternative therapies in patients with relapsed or refractory multiple myeloma (RRMM) who were heavily pretreated (median five lines of prior therapy).
"What stands out with inobrodib is the consistency of clinical activity alongside a manageable safety profile in a heavily pretreated population," said Ken Greenberg, M.D., Partner at Venrock. "An oral drug with a novel, additive approach could play an important role in later-line therapy, as well as across the treatment landscape in multiple myeloma. We are excited to support its advancement into pivotal studies."
About Inobrodib
Inobrodib is a potential new treatment for people with multiple myeloma (MM) and other cancers. It has been evaluated in over 500 patients to date, and clinical activity has been seen in both hematologic malignancies and solid tumors. Delivered as an oral capsule, inobrodib is designed to be used at home without the need for intensive monitoring.
Alongside InoPd, inobrodib is also being explored in combination with bispecific therapies elranatamab and teclistamab. Proof of concept in a maintenance setting is also being explored. CellCentric maintains all development and commercial rights to inobrodib and is free to expand the program in combination with other agents. The FDA previously granted Fast Track and orphan drug designations to inobrodib for RRMM.
About CellCentric
CellCentric is a privately held biotechnology company advancing inobrodib, a first-in-class, orally bioavailable p300/CBP inhibitor. Inobrodib is in registration-enabling clinical trials for patients with relapsed/refractory multiple myeloma, with additional indications under consideration. CellCentric is supported by a robust IP portfolio and external validation through clinical collaborations and strategic partnerships. Founded in Cambridge, UK, the company operates as a transatlantic business with offices in Boston. For more information, please visit www.cellcentric.com or follow us on LinkedIn or X.
View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20260506542056/en/
Contacts
Investor Contact: info@cellcentric.com
Media Contact: ashlea@1abmedia.com
Weʼre unable to load stories right now.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio